Minor fixes to spelling and grammar (#98)
se-edu/se-book: documentation/tools/javaDoc/what/text.md

<div id="body">

> **JavaDoc is a tool for generating API documentation in HTML format from doc comments in source.** In addition, modern IDEs use JavaDoc comments to generate explanatory tooltips.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**JavaDoc is a tool for generating API documentation in HTML format from comments in the source code.** In addition, modern IDEs use JavaDoc comments to generate explanatory tooltips.
```
